Fred runs the investing group Quantitative Risk & Value where he shares a portfolio invested in quality dividend stocks, and companies at the forefront of tech innovation. Fred also supplies market risk indicators, a real estate strategy, a bond strategy, and an income strategy in closed-end funds. Learn more Fred Piard, PhD. is a quantitative analyst and IT professional with over 30 years of experience working in technology. He is the author of three books and has been investing in data-driven systematic strategies since 2010. Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of CSCO, QCOM either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any views or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not a licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are third party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be licensed or certified by any institute or regulatory body., If you want access to our entire Portfolio and all our current Top Picks, feel free to join us for a 2-week free trial at High Yield Landlord. Friends, each week I set out to research and write the best, most informative, most actionable article I can deliver to my fellow dividend investors. Austin is a contributing author for the investing group High Yield Landlord , one of the largest real estate investment communities on Seeking Alpha, with thousands of members. It offers exclusive research on the global REIT sector, multiple real money portfolios, an active chat room, and direct access to the analysts. Learn more Austin Rogers is a REIT specialist with a professional background in commercial real estate. He writes about high-quality dividend growth stocks with the goal of generating the safest growing passive income stream possible. Since his ideal holding period is "lifelong," his focus is on portfolio income growth rather than total returns. Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of ADC, AMH, AMT, ARTNA, CTRE, EGP, HASI, MAA, NEE, REXR, VICI, WTRG either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any views or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not a licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are third party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be licensed or certified by any institute or regulatory body., High Income DIY Portfolios: The primary goal of "High Income DIY Portfolios" Marketplace service is high income with low risk and preservation of capital. It provides DIY investors with vital information and portfolio/asset allocation strategies to help create stable, long-term passive income with sustainable yields. The portfolios are designed for Income-Investors (including retirees or near-retirees). We provide seven portfolios: 3 buy-and-hold, 3 Rotational portfolios, and 3-Bucket NPP Model Portfolio. This includes two High-Income portfolios, two DGI portfolios, and a conservative NPP strategy portfolio with low drawdowns and high growth. For more details or a two-week free trial, please click here . To earn a decent income from your savings has been a challenge for retirees for the past two decades. For almost a decade, the interest rates remained either zero or near zero. Only recently, in the last couple Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of ABT, ABBV, CI, JNJ, PFE, NVS, NVO, AZN, UNH, CL, CLX, UL, NSRGY, PG, TSN, ADM, BTI, MO, PM, KO, PEP, EXC, D, DEA, DEO, ENB, MCD, BAC, PRU, UPS, WMT, WBA, CVS, LOW, AAPL, IBM, CSCO, MSFT, INTC, T, VZ, CVX, XOM, VLO, ABB, ITW, MMM, LMT, LYB, RIO, O, NNN, WPC, ARCC, ARDC, AWF, CII, CHI, DNP, PEO, USA, UTF, UTG, RFI, RNP, RQI, EVT, EOS, FFC, GOF, TLT either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Disclaimer: The information presented in this article is for informational purposes only and in no way should be construed as financial advice or recommendation to buy or sell any stock. The author is not a financial advisor. Please always do further research and do your own due diligence before making any investments. Every effort has been made to present the data/information accurately; however, the author does not claim 100% accuracy. The stock portfolios presented here are model portfolios for demonstration purposes. For the complete list of our LONG positions, please see our profile on Seeking Alpha. Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any views or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not a licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are third party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be licensed or certified by any institute or regulatory body., By Jody Godoy (Reuters) -U.S. antitrust enforcers weighed in on Friday on Elon Musk's lawsuit seeking to block OpenAI's conversion to a public company, pointing out legal doctrines that support his claim that OpenAI and Microsoft engaged in anticompetitive practices. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Department of Justice were not expressing an opinion on the case, but offered legal analysis on aspects of the case ahead of a Tuesday hearing in Oakland, California. Musk co-founded OpenAI and owns AI startup xAI. A spokesperson for Microsoft declined to . A spokesperson for OpenAI referred to a court document where the company said the lawsuit lacks evidence and amounts to harassment. Musk's lawyer Marc Toberoff said, "the participation of the DOJ and FTC is a sign of how seriously regulators take OpenAI and Microsoft’s misconduct.” The FTC is separately looking into partnerships in AI, including between Microsoft and OpenAI, investigating potentially anticompetitive conduct at Microsoft and probing whether OpenAI violated consumer protection laws. Musk alleges OpenAI violated antitrust law by making investors agree not to invest in rival artificial intelligence firms, and by sharing board members with Microsoft, which is also a defendant in the lawsuit. OpenAI has said the board member claims are moot, because Microsoft board member Reid Hoffman, who was on OpenAI's board, and Microsoft executive Deannah Templeton, who had an observer seat, are no longer affiliated with it. But even after they leave boards, directors could still have sensitive competitive information, the FTC and DOJ said. Board members who only have observer status are not exempt from the law, the authorities said in their brief. Musk also claims that OpenAI facilitated a group investor boycott against its rivals. Such claims are viable even when the organizer of the boycott is not a member, the FTC and DOJ said. (Reporting by Jody Godoy in California; Editing by Rod Nickel), If sentiment is anything to go by, the Magnificent 7 stocks, led by Apple Nvidia and Microsoft are set to be replaced by a movie that may or may not be equally good—BATMMAAN. While cute names are fun to write about, they’re a lousy way to organize a stock portfolio. Think of it as the DC comics superhero spelled by a toddler. View , Constellation Energy, the owner of America’s biggest nuclear power fleet, is buying the owner of the largest natural-gas-fired power fleet. The deal is a win-win for both parties and highlights just how much fortunes have shifted for once-ignored power stocks. Constellation on Friday announced that it will buy privately held Calpine for $29.1 billion, including $12.7 billion of net debt. View , Constellation Energy (CEG 25.16%) stock dominated headlines in 2024 with its announcement of a plan to reopen Three Mile Island and supply nuclear power to Microsoft server farms. Constellation is starting off 2025 with even more news -- and even more share price strength. This morning, the electric utility announced plans to acquire natural gas and geothermal electric utility Calpine Corporation. Investors applauded the move. As of 12:15 p.m. ET, Constellation stock is up 22.5%. The Constellation-Calpine merger Constellation says that after merging with Calpine, it will be the biggest electric utility in America, with 2.5 million customers, and also the nation's largest clean energy provider. Constellation plans to pay $16.4 billion for privately held Calpine, transferring 50 million Constellation shares and paying $4.5 billion in cash, plus assuming $12.7 billion of Calpine debt. Thanks to the surge in Constellation's share price post-news, however, the value of this transaction is already growing. With Constellation shares now costing about $298.50 each, the 50 million share component of the transaction has grown to $14.9 billion in value. Add the cash payment and the assumed debt, and the total value of this transaction now exceeds $32 billion. (Although if you net out the cash Calpine will generate between now and closing, and the value of Calpine's tax loss carryforwards -- worth about $2.5 billion in total -- the value retreats toward $29.5 billion.) Is Constellation Energy stock a buy? That's what Constellation is paying. Now here's what it will get: 20% operating earnings growth by 2026 (which implies operating profit of about $10.82 per share that year), and $2 more per share in net profit in later years than Constellation would have earned without Calpine (so probably $11 per share or more). Plus, Constellation projects "double-digit" earnings growth "through the decade." That sounds pretty good. Still, at a share price of nearly $300, it works out to a P/E ratio of roughly 27. Call me a skeptic, but that sounds like a lot to pay for an electric company., Microsoft : takes legal action to protect the public from abusive AI-generated content Published: 2025-01-10 17:36:06 ET MSFT This is an abstract of the document. To keep reading, click here and get access to the original version. Disclaimer Microsoft Corporation published this content on January 10, 2025, and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on January 10, 2025 at 22:35:08.355., With giants like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Workday (NASDAQ:WDAY), and Intuit (NASDAQ:INTU) positioned to lead the tech rebound, Barclays expects 2025 to represent a turn-around for the software industry. As drivers of this increase, analysts cite a more steady economy, more IT spending, and declining interest rates. Though lagging behind hardware and data center spending in 2024, artificial intelligence-powered software is expected to take off. With its Azure platform and M365 Copilot products, which could potentially boost sales and restore interest, Microsoft stands out. Using generative artificial intelligence in its tax and accounting solutions to boost profitability, Intuit is expected to gain from developments in the small and medium business sectors. Workday is likely to see more demand for back-office software and better profits in the meantime. Noting that its new products and gen-AI capabilities might propel expansion, Barclays also upgraded Snowflake (NYSE:SNOW) to Overweight. An economic rebound would give Snowflake's consumption-based company model more impetus and support. This article first appeared on GuruFocus., Qualcomm (QCOM) came to CES 2025 on a mission to stake its claim as a major player in the PC market, and it proved it’s on its way with the release of its latest Snapdragon X chip. Available in mid-range laptops priced at roughly $600, the Snapdragon X is designed to provide consumers with the power to run on-device AI applications and features without having to break the bank. But the company isn’t content with simply taking on the likes of AMD (AMD) and Intel (INTC) in the laptop space. It has also launched new mini desktop computers with partner Lenovo geared toward consumers and enterprise customers. And during an interview with Yahoo Finance, CEO Cristiano Amon hinted that the chip giant has more up its sleeve in the coming months. “We want to be able to have a portfolio that can go into every price point with a Copilot+ PC,” Amon said outside Qualcomm’s booth on the CES showroom floor in Las Vegas. “We're not stopping here. We're just starting with [that] portfolio of products.” In particular, Amon said, Qualcomm is looking to expand into the high-performance PC graphics market, something that would put the company into direct competition with heavyweight Nvidia (NVDA). Qualcomm’s PC push Qualcomm isn’t new to the PC space. The company previously attempted to break into the market with chips designed for Windows 10 laptops, but the effort never gained any traction due to compatibility issues with Windows apps. But things are different this time around. Reviews of laptops running on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon X Elite and X Plus chips are generally positive, with reviewers pointing to impressive performance and long-lasting batteries that you don’t find on AMD or Intel-powered systems. Qualcomm has debuted its new Snapdragon X chip for laptops and mini-desktop PCs, challenging market leader Intel. (Image: Qualcomm) · Qualcomm Qualcomm is also working with Microsoft (MSFT) to ensure that apps designed to run on AMD and Intel’s chips can run on Qualcomm’s. So far, the companies are doing well enough at the task. In my own testing, Microsoft’s Snapdragon-powered Surface Laptop provided exceptional battery life and plenty of performance power and didn’t suffer from any app compatibility issues. Gaming, however, is a different story. Gamers require serious processing and graphics power, and while the Snapdragon X Elite is a strong chip, gamers, especially desktop gamers, will be looking for dedicated graphics chips that can run their favorite titles. It’s unclear whether Qualcomm is even angling to hit that particular space; Amon could simply mean the company is working on chips with more powerful integrated graphics chips built into its Snapdragon line of processors.